
As developers, it is our professional responsibility to build a functional application that gives the users a smooth and safe experience. We should also strive to always improve and update our applications to give the users the best experience they can while keeping in mind the accessibility of our apps as well. We have the ethical responsibility to be transparent with the use of any collected information from the user and to keep their information safe from any possible attacks, inside and out. 

Engineering solutions are vital to society and have a great impact in global, economic, environmental, and social contexts. We use engineering solutions to advance technologically on a global scale, providing aid to humanity in research, civil development, space exploration, etc. Economically, engineering solutions push growth through the engineering field with the jobs it provides and the rapid growth of these jobs. In an environmental context, engineering solutions help us develop environmental solutions by using the same thought process to solve environmental crises or by developing new technology to solve environmental problems like pollution or climate change. In our society, we rely heavily on technology and engineering solutions exist to solve any problems that will pop up with technology or to develop new technology to serve society and to improve our existing technology. In general, engineering solutions in these contexts show how important it is for us and how much we need it, both in the present and in the future.

